Patrick uploaded some new documents today; he also had a 1.5 hour call with 2 other people but had bad sound quality...
You need to unzip the file that has 6 documents in there related to his forms for submitting a refund for the car
Caller is looking for reports of tangible results. Caller asks which call(s) to listen to? Patrick will go over same information tonight.
People were asking about transcripts on the skype group and also summaries... Nothing is wrong with the ZIP files, no viruses... Patrick says:
There are about 3 different places to get the download of the ZIP files: try a different place: WeThePeople (Yahoo Group), Skype, or econcurrent.com/devine
So try all the different download places that you can get them. It is probably a false positive from your antivirus software.
There was one file that I copied out of the UCC 2a-505 and had that in one document, supposedly that put a virus in there; I corrected that.
For the most part it was not really a true virus, OK? Sometimes you can override those virus checkers that you have, or run a check and see that it is clean.
There should be no viruses in the latest documents. The latest ZIP package that I put up was an example of the SF30, SF1414, SF16, and SF1047 form (for receipt).
We put that into the FDIC. The FDIC is over all the assets that are in the banks. It is the FDIC that is the contractor that has the perf. and pay. bonds in place.
The perf. bonds with the bank are only for $250k but the pay. bond is an open-ended bond; whatever assets you put in... or like in the FR Bank, an open-ended bond
that is where the corporations draw FROM, they don't draw the assets/credits out; they place a lien against them and use those assets as collateral.
That is labor assets that is in the pay. bond. Ford Motor Co. borrows so-much using a trade acceptance in the process with the FR Bank and the FDIC.
To put a lien and use that amount of credits out there as collateral to build and set up their UCC construction contract to build the vehicle.
They are able to write performance items out to obtain the parts and everything for the vehicle but they still owe a pay. bond back to the FR Bank for borrowing.
When you get your Estate EIN number, you can now draw from the FRB by way of the FDIC. That is the documents that I have put up there today showing that,
that we use the Estate EIN to draw funds from the payment bond in the FDIC; no taxes on the pay. bond, taxes only paid on the performance bond.
And all of our bonds that are in place are leasing bonds; they are not construction bonds, that is why we are using the 1416 and 1418 perf and pay bond forms
instead of the sf25 and sf25a. Those are for construction contract bonds... Now, when you want to intercept a vehicle instead of paying the commodity price
for the vehicle, you use your 98-series number so you need to have that 98-series number because it makes you the american fed gov grantor/owner
we are the federal government, and we can come in and put a modification of contract against their contract (SF30), modify and come in with SF25a
and pick up and claim the vehicle for the payment value that needs to go back to the FRB; we short-circuit it, we are owed what is being deposited
into the FRB in the pay. bond so we can short-circuit it and take it out; they will have to turn around and with that submittal sent to Ford Motor Co.
Not to the UCC contract trust division; we can send it directly to the contractor; on that SF30 form you mark that the contractor in (e)
where it says important you mark it that the contractor has to sign that andd they have to submit two copies back to you as the issuer
of that modification. They would also owe you a copy of the 1099C showing that you were the one that cancelled the debt going back to the FRB.
And you came in as the Federal gov. canceling the dept by picking up the vehicle instead of having the payment bond debt being paid back to the FR and FDIC.
Pretty simple, straightforward stuff when you start looking at this stuff; you can be as creative as you want; I have tried to explain that on earlier calls.
Including the call that I had with a couple of guys earlier today; please, people if you have any filings against these guys, cancel them!
Get rid of them! Go and say the Our Father about 10 times and then forgive those; you have more assets out there than you can shake a stick at.
You go after those assets, you take the money away from them; that's how you hurt them, but don't leave your assets on the table to where they can
continually use them and use them against you; you do not leave the guns laying around so that they can turn around and shoot you with them.
The metaphor of the 40 days in the desert is: stop and smell the roses but be aware of the thorns and the bees because if not, 
you will either get pricked or you will get stung; that is what the 40 days that Jesus went through is all about: stop and smell the roses
and look for the thorns and the bees so that you won't get stung or pricked. I don't know how I can make this stuff any simpler in the understanding.
You don't go into court, you submit these into the clerk of the court; you are not to be in court; that is a contractor's court: STATE OF, US District Court...
that is a contractor's court and these contractor court agents are not lawful government court officers anyway, they are totally in violation of the nat'l gov
constitutions. They are violating article 1 section 10, so they are not a valid judge; they are foreign agents. You can come in on your contract
and state that, that you owe nothing into that court because they are operating in a state of insurrection per the 14th amendment section 3 and sec 4 sentence 2
they are not to be paid, they are insurrection; if you pay then you are complying with their insurrection against this country and against the people.
You take the money away from them, that is how you hurt them. Just like a vampire: if a vampire cannot suck the blood and there is no blood to be sucked
he is dead in the water.
19:00
And then when you stand in as a federal gov you can turn around and if they do not comply and sign those when you submit them in by mail
they are committing mail fraud because they are in noncompliance and you submit your document after 3 days into the contractor investigative department.
You can also let the FDIC know; they have inspector generals also; there is an FDIC office in every federal district out here; in fact in some cases >1
depending on the cities and different things within the district. There is a regional office; you can go into the FDIC website and find out which regional
office you are operating out of... you can also find all the district offices within your district. I sent out a package for car purchased last year.
Well when they did HR 192 in 1933 they also set up the FIDC over our BC assets in the FR Banks and continued that with the Selective Service Military deposits
into the FR Bank and also the SS account; see when we turn around and we put the estate EIN over our SS account now we make that an american fed gov estate
and we have that ein as an authorization to do a draw against the FR bank but it is by way of the FDIC. That is the main contractor over the bonds: FDIC
not the FR bank; the FR bank is our bank, the assets belong to us; that is the federal government. Hopefully this was short and sweet and you guys can 
get those documents and look at them and then probably what we sent to the ucc contract trust I should have identified that all these bonds are held under FDIC.
23:00
But see this is what: when one person is the one out here doing all the work, I cannot think of everything right away!
and then people get out here and start going off in the wrong direction; in this country we have 15 american laws that we have to follow, it is not that complex.
We have the original ten commandments that everybody has to follow or is supposed to follow but these guys cannot even honor those ten commandments:
thou shalt not steal, thou shalt not kill, they could care less about life and about property and they cannot even comply with 1 constitution let alone
the state constitution because in violation of art 1 sec 10 and the fifteen real american commandments 1-15, they violate right off the bat:
thou shalt not create any fraudulent religion and they created one with this commercial banking system getting you to believe they are god almighty
that hillary clinton is a male and can run for president! I don't know how dumb people can be! I mean it is sickening, really; you almost want to stand back
and say: "please wipe out most of this whole country because they do not know what they are doing; put them out of their misrery because they are just
going to make things the worst; they are going to vote for somebody that will cause everybody else harm, not supposed to be voting but will vote anyway.
The 16th-27th amendments in this country are all illegal they have just never been taken to the supereme court to be contested
because they are not lawful commandments; they have infringed upon the original 15, and that was one of the requirements for the amendments:
that they could not infringe upon the other comomandments out here, but people do not even see that: women took man's estate power of one vote per estate
and destoryed it, cut it in half and further destroyed it when they gave 18-year olds the right to vote; they still cannot drink until 21 though! WHAT?!
There is no commandment about somebody drinking out here; that is a moral issue and nobody has the right to control your moral issues.
You are responsible for YOUR morals of right and wrong. 
27:30
industrial hemp, or hemp in general: where is that in the commandments? it's in the Bible that god gave all plants to mankind
but I don't see anywhere in the commandments where it says "thou shalt not smoke pot".
you want to smoke in the building? smoke in the building! where is the commandment that says I cannot smoke in a public building? It's for the public!
More diseases were caused when they shut smoking down in the buildings because smoking in buildings puts tar and nicotine into the air filters
and purified some of the diseases and everything else that was floating around in the air
but as soon as they took it away--the colds and everything else in the building were spread because the impurities were not being removed by the tar+fillers
more people got sick when there was no smoking in the buildings than when there was smoking in the buildings, but they won't tell you that fact
they give you a lie and you believe it. Yes, smoking is not the greatest thing but it is also a protective, putting a layer of tar in your lungs
and due to the stuff they put in the air, in some cases it is better to be a smoker than non-smoker
in fact there are more non-smokers on oxygen than smokers on oxygen. Just go to the hospitals, VAs, etc. and ask if they ever smoked. No!
But, they continually want to harp on moral issues that they think they can control because they want to try and control you and tell you everything
(about) how to operate your life. Now back to the simple facts here:
the FDIC is the federal insurance depository banking system. They are the contractor that holds the performance and payment bond for all the banks--
including the federal reserve banking system where you have 1, 2, or 3 accounts in there depending on: military, social security, CoLB account.
We the american people as the federal government: we have assets in those federal reserve banks, credits that are sitting in open-ended payment bonds
from all the oil, coal, copper, natural gas, mining, tarriffs, Bureau of Land Management, (natural resources) etc. in this country
Oil: 10% goes to the owner of the land, 10% goes to the contractor, the rest of it goes into the federal reserve into the peoples' payment bond...
under the control of the FDIC. I told you for weeks about the conversion ration of silver dollars, back in 1969 it was 1:1, now it is 19:1.
They are saying we are supposed to get $7.25 an hour, but that is in silver; in the 60s it was $1.25 in silver, so the same standard applies today.
When you multiply that by 19... where is the rest of your salary going? it is being deposited into FR bank for the benefit of the corporations
it is that simple; and you can go in and put an adjustment in to claim labor adjustments using your estate EIN.
The bank does not own anything: if you go and get a loan, they never loned you anything! you gave a letter of credit, they turned around
and put a banker's acceptance in with the federal reserve to put a claim on so many credits in the payment bond by way of the FDIC
the FDIC then turns around and writes a $250k performance bond, but the payment bond is open-ended
and like when you find out about your driver's license and house certificate of title that the state issues: those bonds are held by state insurance div.
the state of is the contractor; you go to the treasurer of the state and put your orders in. You put your SF30 contract modifications in:
I am coming in to modify this contract, here is the new contract: "you will do this!"
You have a contract for gas or electricity; you turn around and put SF30 in along with SF1418; you have your 1414 saying you are the owner
over the surety bonds in the process, and you modify the contract; you submit the last bill you had as a bill of credit to be set off
against the performance bond, and you modify: "all monthly bills in the future are to be drawn from performance bond"
don't bother sending me a bill, I am giving you the order right here; this is the law and I am coming in as the federal government: owner/grantor
and my badge number is my 98 foreign grantor number; you can go and get a badge made up with inner seal being the great seal of the nation:
you stand over those 9-digit commercial items. You send these all out by certified mail or WHATEVER; give them 3 days to respond after receipt.
If they do not, you go to the CID and file your charges in with then and also with the FDIC.
It will be hell if the FDIC shuts down this utililty contractor and they cannot borrow any more money due to too many charges against them
because they won't modify and comply with the american federal government we the people grantor/owner contract modifications
See, that is how you shut down and get revenge on these guys; you submit these to the CID and then they can turn around and file the violations
per title 15 usc section 1 and 2, for $100M against the corporation and $1M against these BAR attorneys.
Just had one guy, I was trying to get these documents ready go go for him, his mother got him an attorney and he sat in federal prison for 2 years
on not having a driver's license! that is how stupid these contractor courts are! they are out here to screw you over; wake up and get back at them.
I submitted 3 warrants out here against a magistrate judge, against county attorney, and against a district court judge; all 3 are impersonators
all 3 have BAR cards, they are not to be in those governmental offices, that is fraud right there. Then they put fraudulent charges in
against our accounts in the process, by way of the bankruptcy court because when you look at that modification form, the SF30:
it has instead of modification number, what is the one right before that? solicitation number! the cop writes you a ticket: they are soliciting from you
your consent. You go to court: that court is soliciting your consent from you; they are just solicitors.
Go get a sign at your local hardware store that says "no soliciting", stick that on your car; stick that on your house: "no solicitors allowed"!
It may not be the perfect solution but basically it will stop them somewhat in their tracks; take that and put that on your table in the courtroom
if you have to go in, but you better be going in as an american government grantor/owner and not as a public surety in the process.
That is where that SF1414 comes in; that document alone breaks the presumption that you are the principal owner and not the principal surety
and see they are trying to make you the principal surety for a bond! Wake up, people. OK, I'm done. Any questions/comments, rebuttals? Am I a liar?
For the receipts: do we total all the receipts we have and put it on the 1047? Yes, use an adding machine and say this is the total,
if you want to see the hard copy of the receipts, I will turn that into you; you sign/date that adding machine tape and put that in there.
Can you use a debit card's bank statement as proof? You can go back after your bank with that; you send it into the bank and you close down
the performance and the payment bond with the bank; just like the utility company and the driver's license with the treasurer of the state.
the bank is the one that basically brought about getting the FDIC to put those in the commercial bank.
I am talking about going to the FDIC for the other ones at the federal reserve bank, but the local bank: they have been in contact with the FDIC
for the $250k for each account that is at that bank, but the bank itself is also holding the payment bonds in the process--your asseets.
They are making the payments for you out of the performance bond, but when you deposit that is going into the payment bond.
They don't pay the bill; the performance bond is what is paying your check. See that is what you don't understand: how this money system works.
That is why you have to smell the roses and start being aware of the thorns and the bees.
With the SF30, 1414, 1416, 1418, we are filling them out for: BC, SS, and DD214? And sending copies to the FDIC and Treasury Dept with copy of non-ucc?
No, we should address that these bonds are being held by the FDIC but we still submit them into the IRS TSD, treasury ucc contract trust divison
so that they can go in and properly liquidate those, because the treasury department stands over those other agencies and Dept of Treasury
stands over FDIC and also the DoD, DoI, and SSA. We address in the writeups that the FDIC is holding these assets in the banking system.
You just add it on. They are the insurance writers, so they are the bond-writers; it is not the united states bankrupt corporation that is writing
the bonds, it is really the FDIC which is a branch of that office, now we can identify at the national level where the bonds are being written.
Now for your state licenses: voter's registration, and etc. Those are controlled by the state insurance corporation/divison.
There is an insurance building in every state, that is probably one of the biggest employment organizations in the state, the state insurance corp.
They probably have more employees than most of the others. STATE OF is a derivative of the republic state, a derivative is in the commercial world.
The republic was in the de jure banking world (just bartering of gold and silver), but the derivatives: all state of, department of...
they are all derivatives of the original, they are commercial frauds. So for STATE OF you address them to the STATE OF treasurer.
He knows where those bonds are at; the state government is not that complicated.
The IRS 926 form: those are still going with them? They go with the SS/COLB/DD214 into the treasury ucc contract trust division
because you are ordering them to pull those assets out and deposit them into the national treasury after the conversion from FR dollars to silver dollars
and you are doing that under your 98 number. So the Estate EIN is used for the draw on the SSA or the other contracts?
We use the estate EIN when we are going to draw from the FR bank by way of the FDIC using 1414,1416,sf30, and also all receipts: sf1047 form.
I would stay away from going in and putting an offset charge (unless for taxes), do not use the SF1418 form to come out of the performance obligation.
Because that is where the taxes are owed, it is a high interest rate bond. Listen to the calls, please.
When you say the EIN and the estate EIN, we are talking about 2 different numbers? Yes. One says Estate EIN, the estate is being held in FR bank
and by the FDIC. The 98-series number is basically your american federal government grantor/owner EIN that came out of philadelphia,
whatever number that was that says it's a foreign grantor, but it is really a federal government grantor EIN, now you have power to:
draw from nat'l treasury or short-circuit payment items before the construction corporation has to make payment back to the FR bank
you can claim the assets rather than the credits because you short-circuit it.
I have looked up these entities that are foreclosing and they are all foreign... so we are the trustee of the estate?
You are the executor over your SS dead bond person, you terminate it and turn it into an american federal government estate.
So when we get those EIN, we put in our name--estate. yes, but you can always modify afterwards; you get the estate for the dead SS person.
It is just a mortmain accounts, and these accounts are really being held down in Puerto Rico because they cannot have them on mainland USA.
I have gone over all of this stuff more times than I can shake a stick at.
On the 1416: no signatures on the back page? Because I cannot type that in on that page, I have to handwrite all of that in. You have to print 
your name in there and there is not enough space to type it in using the computer unless you are able to print out a hard copy 
and then use a PDF editor to modify so use a pen.
The 98 is not a living trust! it is an american federal government grantor/owner, that is really what it is.
Does it matter what the name is? It does when you start using it properly! Should it be the same name as the estate name? No.
The name probably will be the same: Patrick Devine, but the title of the thing will be different because it will be a fed. gov. estate
and a fed. gov. grantor/owner authority; you just modified those into being bank routing numbers, now you can route your assets out of the FRB and FDIC
using the estate routing number and route items out of the nat'l treasury and short-circuit the others and have the funds go to you instead of
having the corporations send the funds to the FRB. They have misnamed the CID, Secret Service, FBI, FGT EINs, Estate EINs... they are misnomers out here.
That is how the commercial world operates: under misnomers, you have to wake up and find out what the true title is, and I have just told you.
Caller needs to get in touch with Yashuran to get the EIN number: Yashuran's phone is: 513-836-9835
You people that do not have your 98-series number, listen now; Tom has posted this contact number before.
Only when going in with the window sticker do you use the SF25a, you send that into Ford Motor Company, the contractor.
There is a way to look up those corporations' EIN numbers... The Estate EIN is not a 98-series number, it is entirely different.
For that one, you do not call it in; you go online and fill out the form online, it is a simple process to request an Estate EIN or banker's EIN
or even a church of rome EIN; going in and filling ou the request online; you cannot do the FGT online though; you have to go to de jure IRS
in philadelphia which is where the de jure national treasury is held. If you watched the movie "National Treasure"... that is where the 
national treasury is controlled out of, is philadelphia. Give Yashuran some payment for helping you; it is very important to get this.
Once you get this one and the estate EIN... from now on I should charge anybody that can't understand this: $10,000 to come to me, then I will help.
But I have given you the means to pay for the service! That is what I have been trying to tell people about for years, all the way back to
Tim Turner and before him, that if somebody cannot tell you how to pay for their seminar, it is not worth anything!
So stop paying 500-5000 or more for these services; they don't know anything about the banking system or these forms!
You said the payment bond was open-ended so how to determine how much to put in for? USE WHAT YOU NEED.
What do you need to be safely protected? You don't have the means to protect $10B. Greed will kill you!
You can ask the philadelphia IRS if your FGT EIN is valid; you have to pick up the phone; don't ask me, ask them!
When you call in to talk to an agent and say "My foreign country is the republic of, I am not the state of, that is a foreign address right there
and I am foreign to the commercial endeavor, so if you do not understand that then I need chain of supervisors until somebody knows what I want".
But you don't have to deal strictly with the clerk. Do you deal everything with the clerk or do you go to the account manager at the bank?
If the clerk cannot handle it, you go to AM or VP or CFO in some cases. You go up the chain of command until you find your answer.
You are the american federal government out here; you have the authority to go all the way to the top if need be because you stand over
even that president who is in violation of the 10 commandments and also the american 15 commandments.
